I close my eyes and I can't see a world of peace, love, and harmony come with me and you'll see
You will see it's not a dream as I'm sure you know peace, things got promised so long ago we'll guarantee
Sure to be, you will see this joy and laughter in every sound and see
This is the way our God meant it to be
And those who fell asleep along they live again we see them every day come with you'll see
You will see it's gone forever now it's history come with me and you'll see
You will see it's joy and laughter in every sound and see
This is the way it meant it to be
This world is enough for me eyes of faith that's free as we see
What's in store is normal, flows your eyes and comes peace and heart